Change error associated with readonly volume expansion (#431)
container-storage-interface/spec: spec.md

Otherwise `NodeExpandVolume` MUST be called after successful `NodePublishVolume`.

> A plugin that has `STAGE_UNSTAGE_VOLUME` node capability and supports `NodeExpandVolume` ONLY after `NodeStageVolume` and before `NodePublishVolume` but not after `NodePublishVolume` may return `FAILED_PRECONDITION` error code if `NodeExpandVolume` is called after `NodePublishVolume` - CO MUST NOT retry if volume is node-published.

Reviewer: Did you mean to say  `CO MUST NOT retry if volume is node-published`? Because that means offline is not supported?

```suggestion
An SP that has `STAGE_UNSTAGE_VOLUME` node capability and supports `NodeExpandVolume` ONLY after `NodeStageVolume` and before `NodePublishVolume` but not after `NodePublishVolume` may return `FAILED_PRECONDITION` error code if `NodeExpandVolume` is called after `NodePublishVolume` and, in response, the CO SHOULD ensure that the volume is is node-staged but not node-published before retrying with exponential backoff.
```

Author: I did mean "CO MUST NOT retry if volume is node-published". The reason being - if a SP does not allow expansion *after* node-publish and volume already has been node-published, the only way `NodeExpandVolume` can succeed after retry is - if they `NodeUnpublish` the volume and the only way CO can retry expansion is on another node after node-stage but before node-publish. For CO it is already too late to retry expansion on *this* node because `NodeUnpublish`  is very likely to be a unsafe operation.

Author: > Because that means offline is not supported?

I think it does not mean that - it means that CO must try expansion on another node after node-stage and before node-publish. It just means it can't happen on this node. Having said that - there is a slight problem with language:

> If plugin has `STAGE_UNSTAGE_VOLUME` node capability then:
>  * `NodeExpandVolume` MUST be called after successful `NodeStageVolume`.
>  * `NodeExpandVolume` MAY be called before or after `NodePublishVolume`.

I know Kubernetes *always* calls `NodeExpandVolume` after `NodeStageVolume` if `NodeExpand` is supported but in general a different CO may choose to interpret this differently and may skip calling `NodeExpand` between node-stage and node-publish and only call `NodeExpand` *after* node-publish in which case "offline" expansion may not work on that particular CO.   Even then I think recovery from `volume in-use` error on node shouldn't be "retry with exponential backoff"  because it is highly problematic to node-unpublish a volume or if volume is readonly on a node, make it RW.  

I think we have two options:
1. Make no spec change for this particular behaviour in `NodeExpandVolume`.  The downside might be - another CO may interpret this spec differently and implement call to `NodeExpandVolume` differently and plugins might be dependent on k8s behaviour (although I don't know any plugins which want this behaviour).
2. Make the language change around when `NdoeExpandVolume` can be called.  so something like - "it is desirable to call NodeExpandVolume before NodePublish to permit expansion of volumes which only permit expansion after node-stage and before node-publish and not after node-publish"

|-----------------------|-----------|-----------------------|-----------------------------------|
| Exceeds capabilities | 3 INVALID_ARGUMENT | Indicates that CO has specified capabilities not supported by the volume. | Caller MAY verify volume capabilities by calling ValidateVolumeCapabilities and retry with matching capabilities. |
| Volume does not exist | 5 NOT FOUND | Indicates that a volume corresponding to the specified volume_id does not exist. | Caller MUST verify that the volume_id is correct and that the volume is accessible and has not been deleted before retrying with exponential back off. |

> | Volume in use or readonly | 9 FAILED_PRECONDITION | Indicates that the volume corresponding to the specified `volume_id` could not be expanded because it is node-published or node-staged or readonly and the storage provider does not support expansion of published or staged or readonly volumes. | Caller MUST NOT retry. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Volume in use or readonly | 9 FAILED_PRECONDITION | Indicates that the volume corresponding to the specified `volume_id` could not be expanded because it is node-published or node-staged or readonly and the storage provider does not support expansion of published or staged or readonly volumes. | Caller SHOULD ensure that volume is not node-published before retrying with exponential back off. |
```
